Add BizOps and Sales docs (#6474)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/team/gtm/sales/index.md

> # Using HubSpot

Reviewer: This should probably not go into the sales index — it should probably be a sub-file in this folder called 
hubspot.md or something, and be linked to from there!

Author: Yes, I was about to make this change on a new PR before you commented on this :) Could you take care of that? I'm pretty sure I should leave the structure of this PR alone haha

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps add a sentence/paragraph explaining what this doc is about. It's not exactly "how to use HubSpot"... Rather, it's more of a doc on what HubSpot users need to do to ensure high data quality? Or something like that—I'm curious how you'd describe it.

## Why this is important

To get insights from the data to improve our sales and marketing effectiveness, we need accurate HubSpot data. To get accurate HubSpot data, it’s up to us to keep our sales and marketing activities up-to-date.

## Associating Contacts to Deals

> It is critical to pick out the 3-5 most important contacts within a company to associate them with the relevant deal. This should include the technical decision-maker, the economic decision-maker (if they are different) and the original member who introduced Sourcegraph to the organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is critical to associate all of the most important contacts within a company with any new deal. This should include the technical decision-maker, the economic decision-maker (if they are different) and the original member who introduced Sourcegraph to the organization. 
```

Reviewer: Do we need to provide screenshots or links on how to actually do this? Perhaps that's not necessary for this doc, but it depends a bit on how you'd answer my question above about "what's the purpose" of the doc!

Result: this allows us to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing channels and sales touchpoints that our team has with an organization. How we reached the person(s) who introduced Sourcegraph to their organization is one of the most important factors in evaluating the success of marketing activities.

## Ongoing HubSpot maintenance

Account Executives are responsible for maintaining the deal data in HubSpot to ensure accurate data collection. This includes:

Updating deal fields regularly, especially:

> * [Deal stage]

Reviewer: Just curious, why are these in square brackets?

* [Deal size]
* [Number of engineers]

> If a deal comes through a referral or introduction, tell BizOps so they can make the adjustment in the database to reflect this

Reviewer: You can link to @sourcegraph/bizops (which I just created for this purpose!) here.

Author: Didn't add this because switching over to the new handbook

When a deal is won:
1. Mark the ‘Deal Status’ as ‘Closed Won’
2. Mark the column ‘End of contract’ with the last day of the contract. HubSpot will automatically create a renewal deal based on this date

When a deal is lost:
1. Update the ‘Closed Lost Dropdown’ property to reflect the reason. If the reason doesn’t exist in the dropdown, you can talk to BizOps about adding one
2. Expand upon the reason in the longform ‘Closed Lost Reason’ field

Categorize any outbound emails into the ‘Manual Outbound Workflow’, which sets their ‘First Touchpoint’ as ‘Outbound’ and adds an event. To do this:
1. Select all contacts in the ‘Contacts’
2. Click the ‘More’ dropdown → ‘Enroll in Workflow’
3. Enroll in ‘Manual Outbound Workflow’

> Maintaining [Server Installer](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y2Z23-2uAjgIEITqmR_tC368OLLbuz12dKjEl4CMINA/edit?usp=sharing) and [Customer List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wo_KQIcGrNGCWYKa6iHJ7MImJ_aI7GN12E-T21Es8TU/edit?usp=sharing) spreadsheets for every new company on a trial and new customers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintaining [Server Installer-to-Company](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Y2Z23-2uAjgIEITqmR_tC368OLLbuz12dKjEl4CMINA/edit?usp=sharing) and [Customer List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wo_KQIcGrNGCWYKa6iHJ7MImJ_aI7GN12E-T21Es8TU/edit?usp=sharing) spreadsheets for every new company on a trial and new customers. 
```
